README.md, before:

# React + TypeScript + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend updating the configuration to enable type aware lint rules:

- Configure the top-level `parserOptions` property like this:

```js
export default {
  // other rules...
  parserOptions: {
    ecmaVersion: 'latest',
    sourceType: 'module',
    project: ['./tsconfig.json', './tsconfig.node.json'],
    tsconfigRootDir: __dirname,
  },
}
```

- Replace `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended` to `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended-type-checked` or `plugin:@typescript-eslint/strict-type-checked`
- Optionally add `plugin:@typescript-eslint/stylistic-type-checked`
- Install [eslint-plugin-react](https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react) and add `plugin:react/recommended` & `plugin:react/jsx-runtime` to the `extends` list

Commit message:

sorted deps, use browser router

README.md, after:

# React Phone Catalog

Explore the world of smartphones with this simple yet powerful Phone Catalog built on React. The project is designed to provide a smooth and responsive user experience while showcasing a variety of mobile devices. You can check out the live demo [here](https://donizer.github.io/vite_react_phone-catalog/).

## Technologies Used

### React
The project harnesses the power of React, a popular JavaScript library for building user interfaces. React enables the creation of interactive and dynamic components, making the user experience seamless and engaging.

### Vite
Vite serves as the build tool, offering fast and efficient development and production builds. It optimizes the project's performance, ensuring a snappy user interface.

### Redux Toolkit
For state management, the project utilizes Redux Toolkit. This simplifies the management of application state, making it easier to handle complex data flows and interactions.

### Tailwind CSS
Tailwind CSS is employed for styling, providing a utility-first approach for designing components. It streamlines the styling process and ensures a consistent and visually appealing interface.

### React Router
Navigation within the catalog is powered by React Router, enabling seamless transitions between different sections and providing a smooth user journey.

## Other Notable Dependencies

- **@headlessui/react**: A set of unstyled UI components for building custom designs.
- **@heroicons/react**: A collection of free, MIT-licensed high-quality SVG icons.

## Development Tools

- **TypeScript**: Enhancing code quality and developer experience with static typing.
- **ESLint and Prettier**: Ensuring code consistency and adherence to best practices.
- **PostCSS and Autoprefixer**: Optimizing stylesheets for cross-browser compatibility.
- **Tailwind CSS Plugin for Prettier**: Keeping stylesheets well-formatted and easy to read.
